# 2021-06-02 Leadership Cadence

## Date <a id="id-2021-06-02LeadershipCadence-Date"></a>

02 Jun 2021

## 02 Jun 2021 Participants <a id="id-2021-06-02LeadershipCadence-Participants"></a>

 [Josh Chamberlain](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6068f9e790e3950069fbaaf4?ref=confluence)

[Eric Turner](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6069da262b469c007014d7fa?ref=confluence)

[Alec Akin](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60319bf02a42cc0069af9ac8?ref=confluence)

Eddie Brown

[Richard Ji](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be0e068b00766b6903?ref=confluence)

## Discussion topics <a id="id-2021-06-02LeadershipCadence-Discussiontopics"></a>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Item</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Person</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Notes</b>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Slack v Discord v Teams???</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Josh</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Discord is <b>approachable</b> for the crowd we are trying to work with</p>
        <p>Discord has drop in audio and video rooms</p>
        <p>Teams has lots of security / features</p>
        <p>Patreon x Discord are tightly connected</p>
        <p>Threads is the million dollar question</p>
        <p>People want fewer slack channels</p>
        <p><b>We&#x2019;re going to migrate responsibly in the near future, creating announcements and removing channels to help guide people to Discord.</b>
        </p>
        <p>We get to start with a clean membership slate.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Risk matrix</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Alec</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Will be putting in work on these now, working with Richard to talk about
        roles.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Securing environments</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Alec</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">DoltHub bounty</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Eric</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Dolt team has been doing an amazing job supporting us</p>
        <p><a href="https://www.dolthub.com/repositories/pdap/datasets/pulls">First PRs submitted</a>
        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Podcast</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Various</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>One idea: recording a conversation between PDAP team</p>
        <p>Another idea: getting in touch with podcast hosts we like</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Dolt &#x2192; PostgreSQL</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Richard</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Finishing the code and dealing with edges for making a mirror of Dolt
        db in Postgres</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Hadoop servers</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Richard</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>We need a place to store files / arbitrary format storage</p>
        <p>Looking at other tech options that may be better long term than Hadoop</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Blog</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Josh</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://docs.pdap.io/updates/blog">Exists</a>. Everyone is welcome
        to contribute. We should peer edit for each other as best practice.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Action items <a id="id-2021-06-02LeadershipCadence-Actionitems"></a>

* 
