# 2020-10-14 Leadership Cadence

## Date <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Date"></a>

14 Oct 2020

## Participants <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Participants"></a>

* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)
* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown \(Unlicensed\)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f2205e570fb250022c01aaa?ref=confluence)
* [Will Beaumont](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e9c6021ca2a1d0c2e249bab?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin \(Unlicensed\)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* Emily Crose

## Goals <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Goals"></a>

* Discuss FOIA and board membership logistics

## Discussion topics <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Discussiontopics"></a>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Topic</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Presenter</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>Notes</b>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>FOIA</b>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Primer questions:
            <ul>
              <li>What do we do with FOIA?</li>
              <li>How do we want to approach Stonewalling</li>
              <li>What can we even do to compel valid responses from FOIA requests?</li>
              <li>Is there a way to source the information around which agencies fulfill/evade
                requests</li>
              <li>What are the gaps that we need information for that FOIA can fulfill?</li>
              <li>What does our attitude need to look like when we interface with the other
                end of these FOIA requests?
                <ul>
                  <li>FOIA is an activist endeavor - how far as a group should we take that
                    at this moment in time?</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Comparing federal agencies vs non-federal FOIA requests
            <ul>
              <li>Federal agencies
                <ul>
                  <li>Generally consistent regarding the kind of information that we get</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>State and local
                <ul>
                  <li>Complete dismissal/non response for requests</li>
                  <li>Invalid excuses on not being able to fulfill requests
                    <ul>
                      <li>I.e. &#x201C;non-existing&#x201D; documentation for involvement/support
                        of OPERATION LEGEND will require the generation of new documents to fulfill
                        the request; law enforcement doesn&#x2019;t &#x201C;have to comply&#x201D;
                        because they cite that FOIA only applies to already existing documents</li>
                    </ul>
                  </li>
                  <li>Paywalled behind large pre-processing fees</li>
                  <li>Requests for what should be readily available information (such as mission
                    statements) are rejected in FOIA requests</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>There&#x2019;s value in the process of making FOIA requests, in addition
            to the content
            <ul>
              <li>They hold law enforcement accountable</li>
              <li>Response/non-response can be tabulated as a data point
                <ul>
                  <li>Metropolitan police departments have not been reliable in fulfilling requests</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>We can cross reference FOIA sourced data points with NIBRS/state-IBRS
                data points for inconsistencies</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Current state of PDAP support for FOIA
            <ul>
              <li>For FOIA requests to take, there&#x2019;s a need for legal representation
                that PDAP currently doesn&#x2019;t have
                <ul>
                  <li>It&#x2019;s been mentioned that we can seek this legal representation
                    out if it&#x2019;s not A&amp;P</li>
                  <li>We&#x2019;ll have more pull once we&#x2019;re incorporated and not simply
                    a group</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>Volunteer data opportunity - get someone to make requests and keep count
                of who fulfills/evades requests
                <ul>
                  <li>Identify what the expectations are for a request</li>
                  <li>Document actual experience and how it differs from expectations</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Direction
            <ul>
              <li>Current issues with Muckrock preventing us from socializing the FOIA requests
                to the rest of the group
                <ul>
                  <li>May require some follow up with Muckrock</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>As we flesh out the NIBRS/OIBRS comparisons, we&#x2019;ll have more information
                on what is missing and what we could potentially have FOIA fill in</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>Board</b>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>We&#x2019;ll generally want folks that will be active participants and
            consistently around</li>
          <li>How do we make sure we stay diverse, and what does that look like for
            us?</li>
          <li>Leadership to DM Eddie for those interested
            <ul>
              <li>Full Name</li>
              <li>Address</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>Splunk</b>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Alec taking the lead on interfacing with reps from Splunk</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Action items <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Actionitems"></a>

* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)[Will Beaumont](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e9c6021ca2a1d0c2e249bab?ref=confluence) Send Eddie a DM about board positions. Full name and address
* Making a FOIA request that is in line with what the FBI requests of local jurisdictions

## Decisions <a id="id-2020-10-14LeadershipCadence-Decisions"></a>

* 
