# June 5, 2021

## Attendees

Alec, Eric, Richard, Josh

## Servers & Deployment

* Working on deploying blog.pdap.io from [here](https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Blog).
* Seed data is currently generic.
* VPN is turned on
* New droplets=VPS=server should go in the SF hadoop

### VPN

* We we can run these in containers under a namespace
  * going to stop using SSH but only for the VPN server

## Bounty

* It's tough when people work on the same dataset at the same time. We should consider reducing the size of possible submission areas.
* Getting datasets before getting agencies is a terrible user experience. Having a complete Agencies table is going to be critical for encouraging people to submit and use `datasets`.
* We should monitor how much time we spend on Dolt bounties. Right now it looks like Eric's in there periodically throughout the day.

## Blog

* Working on readmes and .env to get it running locally and deployable

