# June 12, 2021

## Attendees

Alec Akin

Jonathan H

Josh Chamberlain

Stabs

dunnousername

## Discussed

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left">Topic</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Welcome Jonathan</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Hello aka Pythonidaer</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">DoltHub</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p><a href="https://www.dolthub.com/repositories/pdap/datasets/pulls/55">https://www.dolthub.com/repositories/pdap/datasets/pulls/55</a>
        </p>
        <p>We need to review these&#x2014;ultimately responding to Katie with a rating
          on the PR is the goal. We should also be giving feedback and helping people
          fix their own stuff, especially since we don&apos;t have the source.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Show our progress / help people understand goals</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Publish a roadmap in docs.</p>
        <p>Map out our repos to explain what they do.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

