# 2021-03-16 Leadership Cadence Notes

## Date <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-date" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-date"></a>

16 Mar 2021

## Participants <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-participants" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-participants"></a>

* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60319bf02a42cc0069af9ac8?ref=confluence)
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)
* Dawnielle Robinson
* Kristin Trynski

## Goals <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-goals" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-goals"></a>

* PDAP Reorganization
  * [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence) stepping back
  * Extend core volunteers - tech talent
  * Open up Jira/Confluence?
* Immediate needs how to cultivate
  * `tools to facilitate mass data collection by volunteers` 
  * `tools to help us process and store data`

## Discussion topics <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics"></a>

| Item               | Presenter                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Executive Director | [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence) | <ul><li>Dedicated position to help raise funds</li><li><p>Interviews start tomorrow</p><ul><li>1 no; 7 interviews setup</li></ul></li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Consultation fees  | [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence) | <ul><li><p>Two folks weâ€™d want to consult with eventually, financially limited atm</p><ul><li>Fundraising mentoring</li><li>Board mentoring</li></ul></li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| PDAP reorg         | [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)              | <ul><li><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence">Josh Lintag</a> still on the board but will be relinquishing most current responsibilities. Will be around for the most part to help with transitioning and knowledge transfer</li><li><p>Extend core volunteers. <a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence">Former user (Deleted)</a> &#x26; <a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence">Josh Lintag</a> to compare volunteer notes</p><ul><li>Dolthub could ameliorate the need for more core volunteers. <a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60319bf02a42cc0069af9ac8?ref=confluence">Alec Akin</a> to follow up. Validation work could also be offloaded to volunteers</li></ul></li><li>We will be opening up Jira/Confluence to facilitate work for the public pending we address immediate concerns around data submission</li></ul> |
| Donations          | Kristin                                                                                                    | <ul><li>Determine something a bit better than PayPal to make visible folks that donate</li><li><p>Look into options like Stripe or similar solutions to GoFundMe</p><ul><li>Lower the friction around donating</li></ul></li><li>Visual of donation goals and how much left to reach those goals</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Uncle Jeff         | [Alec Akin](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60319bf02a42cc0069af9ac8?ref=confluence)                | <ul><li>Pending questions in email chain that need to be answered</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

## Action items <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems"></a>

* [Alec Akin](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/60319bf02a42cc0069af9ac8?ref=confluence) to follow up with Dolthub and determine if a partnership is possible
* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence) to deploy Jira/Confluence standard plan
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence) update front-page site to latest versions

## Decisions <a href="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-decisions" id="id-2021-03-16leadershipcadencenotes-decisions"></a>

*
