# 2021-02-17 Leadership Cadence Notes

## Date <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Date"></a>

17 Feb 2021

## Participants <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Participants"></a>

* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown \(Unlicensed\)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin \(Unlicensed\)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* [Will Beaumont](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e9c6021ca2a1d0c2e249bab?ref=confluence)
* [Richard Ji](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be0e068b00766b6903?ref=confluence)
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)
* [Former user \(Deleted\)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)

## Goals <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Goals"></a>

* HDFS update
* Prod website update
* Trademark
* Crypto

## Discussion topics <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Discussiontopics"></a>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left">Item</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Presenter</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">HDFS update</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence">Josh Lintag</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>WIP, adding documentation and tests to harden the work</li>
          <li>Pivot from this work to work on website</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Website</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence">Josh Lintag</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Copy changes up to production website</li>
          <li>We have evidence of people looking through it and subscribing to the mailing
            list</li>
          <li>Will require PayPal button for donations, should be simplistic</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Trademark</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Good progress, Eddie has been working with A&amp;P</li>
          <li>Costs to trademark logo/mission will be ~ $500</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Paypal account</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Josh and Eddie have full management access</li>
          <li>Working with PayPal around non-profit discounts</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Change of address/ registered agent</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Still waiting on the state to get back to Rob in order for us to move
            forward</li>
          <li>We&#x2019;ll enter a contract with him as soon as that happens</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Donors</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Kristin will be reaching out to promising donors</li>
          <li>Buffed up slide deck will be very helpful</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">DANA</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Will be getting in contact with DANA to ask about core services</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Technical expertise/blockchain</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence">Alec Akin (Unlicensed)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Connections with a mentor, possible avenue for expertise
            <ul>
              <li>Blockchain tech resource</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Eddie working through blockchain resources, will layout some options on
            direction
            <ul>
              <li>Let&#x2019;s hammer down some constraints to be able to narrow focus and
                direct efforts to see what we want this solution to look like</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">Copy work/documentation</td>
      <td style="text-align:left"><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence">Former user (Deleted)</a>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li>Reddit wiki pointing to one place</li>
          <li>Working on the slide deck</li>
          <li>Possible rework with the website in order to make it more accessible to
            an open source treatment</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Action items <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Actionitems"></a>

* 
## Decisions <a id="id-2021-02-17LeadershipCadenceNotes-Decisions"></a>

* 
