# 2020-12-02 Leadership Cadence Notes

## Date <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-date" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-date"></a>

02 Dec 2020

## Participants <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-participants" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-participants"></a>

* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f2205e570fb250022c01aaa?ref=confluence)
* [Matthew Pierson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f7e4b14021acf0076f6cceb?ref=confluence)
* [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* [Richard Ji](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be0e068b00766b6903?ref=confluence)

## Goals <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-goals" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-goals"></a>

* Check in on existing Action Items
* Summarize current technical direction

## Discussion topics <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics"></a>

| Item                                           | Presenter | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A\&P Update                                    |           | <ul><li>Representation hasn’t come back to us in regards to the status</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Summary of yesterday’s technical discussion    |           | <ul><li><p>Two experiments around being able to accommodate scraper data ingestion</p><ul><li>Utilizing google drive</li><li>Standing up an SFTP server</li></ul></li><li>Storage is a relatively simpler question to answer; we want to focus instead (for now) on having an entry point for scrapers to drop off data they’ve collected</li><li>We plan to reach out to scrapers that have existing data and collect it</li><li>We want to be mindful of cloud costs; we want to research restrictions/protections around common security/load concerns</li></ul> |
| Blocker around free license of JIRA/Confluence |           | <ul><li>We won’t be able to have a public facing presence with these tools because we’re on the free license</li><li>There are some workarounds, possibly leveraging google sheets</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|                                                |           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

## Action items <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems"></a>

* [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence) will work on a POC for public facing workaround for JIRA
* [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence) flesh out public drop area in google drive, research scaling
*

## Decisions <a href="#id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-decisions" id="id-2020-12-02leadershipcadencenotes-decisions"></a>

*
