# 2021-01-13 Leadership Cadence Notes

## Date <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-date" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-date"></a>

13 Jan 2021

## Participants <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-participants" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-participants"></a>

* [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)

## Goals <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-goals" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-goals"></a>

* Discussion
  * Admin consolidation with core tools
    * Contact Subreddit
  * Financing progress
  * [pdap.io](http://pdap.io) site

## Discussion topics <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-discussiontopics"></a>

| Item                               | Presenter                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Admin consolidation                | [Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)              | <ul><li>Updated payment method/address for Google Workspace</li><li>Consolidated signed incorporation docs</li><li>Need to get in touch with r/DataPolice to adjust info</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| [pdap.io](http://pdap.io) progress | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)   | <ul><li>It’s up!</li><li>Uses static site features that makes it free for DO</li><li>New repo for it found in <a href="https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/gatsby-pdap-frontpage">gatsby-pdap-frontpage</a></li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Scraper proof of concept           | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)   | <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/scrapinghub/portia">portia</a> - non-technical scraping solution</li><li>We’ve got a demo in leadership channel working</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Wells Fargo account                | [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence) | <ul><li>Application was submitted for review but it timed out</li><li><p>Re-submitted application with corrected corp invoice information</p><ul><li>Hopefully it’ll get expedited according to Wells Fargo instructions</li></ul></li><li><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5fd63e354d2179006ecbcb80?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a> to seed funds for initial licenses</li></ul>                                                                                                                                     |
| Volunteer resources                | [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)    | <ul><li><p>Working on slack integrations</p><ul><li>Adjusting Greetbot for new wave of volunteers</li><li>Requires removing some existing apps</li></ul></li><li><p>Volunteer management and approval form is ready to go; pending legal approval</p><ul><li><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence">Former user (Deleted)</a> in contact with a few self starters to start some work</li></ul></li><li>User attribution to scraped data - <a href="https://keybase.io">keybase.io</a></li></ul> |
| Core Team/Board page on site       | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)   | <ul><li><p>Would be good to have an area showcasing core team to contact in terms of</p><ul><li>Customer relationships</li><li>Resource to help orient folks</li></ul></li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

## Action items <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-actionitems"></a>

* Get in touch with rubbermilitia get access to the r/DataPolice [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)
* Update site with most up-to-date copy [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)
* Take down AWS site for [policedap.org](http://policedap.org)[Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)
* Edit code on pdap-frontpage to determine if it populates [policedap.org](http://policedap.org)[Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* Research what API integration will look like with [keybase.io](http://keybase.io)[Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* Model out a team page for the site [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)

## Decisions <a href="#id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-decisions" id="id-2021-01-13leadershipcadencenotes-decisions"></a>

*
