# 2020-12-16 Leadership Cadence

## Date <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-date" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-date"></a>

16 Dec 2020

## Participants <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-participants" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-participants"></a>

* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)
* [Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f2205e570fb250022c01aaa?ref=confluence)
* [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)
* [Richard Ji](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be0e068b00766b6903?ref=confluence)
* [Will Beaumont](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e9c6021ca2a1d0c2e249bab?ref=confluence)

## Goals <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-goals" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-goals"></a>

* Come up with plan of action for determining our liability for volunteers

## Discussion topics <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-discussiontopics" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-discussiontopics"></a>

| Item                                    | Presenter                                                                                                                        | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Legal form for volunteers               | [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)                                   | <ul><li>Will need to formalize a part of the onboarding process</li><li>Worth running it past A&#x26;P, but doesn’t need to run through them</li><li>Probably won’t want anything boiler plate (our needs are pretty specific)</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| <p>Corporation<br></p>                  | <p><a href="https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f2205e570fb250022c01aaa?ref=confluence">Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)</a><br></p> | <ul><li>Eddie working on setting up bank account</li><li>Telling people that donations aren’t currently to nonprofit, but full expectation is there</li><li>Once 501c3 is granted, benefits are dated back to the filing date</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Digital Ocean                           | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)                         | <ul><li>Working through application</li><li>Might have a significant chunk of hosting costs covered</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Working Session                         | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)                         | <ul><li>Technical-oriented Tuesday cadence will be replaced by a Saturday working session</li></ul><p>Currently 3pm PT on Saturday</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Shopping List                           | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)                         | <ul><li>Working on finalizing estimated costs for various tools</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Video Call Notetaking Bot               | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)                         | <ul><li>Looking into a transcription bot</li><li><a href="https://fireflies.ai/pricing">Fireflies</a>, Perfect Recall</li><li>Looks like we can probably get away with Freemium for now</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Opportunity to formally restructure org | [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)                         | <ul><li>Might discourage people from applying their skills if they think that someone with a formal title is more qualified than them</li><li>Some sort of the decision chain of command is generally positive</li><li>Especially without paid staff, a fairly flat structure might be worthwhile</li><li>More accountability? Ownership of your “work”</li><li>Are we in fact <em>organizers</em>? We aren’t full professionals, brainiacs, etc.</li><li>Does a formal structure actually improve volunteer longevity?</li></ul> |
| Google                                  | [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence)                                   | <ul><li><p>Benefits of adding people into our org?</p><ul><li>Protects people from liability of using personal email etc. for PDAP activity</li><li><p>Cleaner access to Drive, Calendar, etc.</p><ul><li>Being in the same Google Org makes it much more streamlined to distribute access</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p>Can set up a Google Voice number to avoid giving out your personal number</p>                                                                                                                          |
| Re-energizing PDAP                      |                                                                                                                                  | <ul><li>Kristin interested in rallying the the troops, in mass, once we get $$$ in the bank</li><li>Are we actually ready to get people excited again?</li><li>Alec: Would like to have a better control over website, storage infrastructure</li><li>Josh: We need docs for the 4 “always open” tasks first.</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

## Action items <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-actionitems" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-actionitems"></a>

* [Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence) Draft or delegate a PDAP Liability Form for onboarding
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence) P.I.I. by state research project
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence) Add Richard, Will, Kristin, and Matt to Google
* [Zach Goulson](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1f8319ef11df0025869e21?ref=confluence) Send out note encouraging use of PDAP emails for communication and other asset accounts
* [Alec Akin (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f1e64ee2aa25000286fc7fc?ref=confluence)[Will Beaumont](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5e9c6021ca2a1d0c2e249bab?ref=confluence)[Former user (Deleted)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be40588b0077ed830a?ref=confluence)[Richard Ji](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f8f95be0e068b00766b6903?ref=confluence)[Josh Lintag](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f20c61fc9c094001c5d32ca?ref=confluence)[Eddie Brown (Unlicensed)](https://pdap.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5f2205e570fb250022c01aaa?ref=confluence) Review this [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wjvv0NT3eECATJ4r8GQwEgS-sPqYFW8IGC8jvn3Bu5o/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wjvv0NT3eECATJ4r8GQwEgS-sPqYFW8IGC8jvn3Bu5o/edit?usp=sharing) document

## Decisions <a href="#id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-decisions" id="id-2020-12-16leadershipcadence-decisions"></a>

* Adding Project Leadership to Google Workspace
* Use PDAP emails for external communication and other assets (Slack account, e.g.)
* Test out Fireflies on Saturday
